hello everyone so I'm really nervous
right now I've just packed up my room
I'm about to leave Cambridge for the
summer holiday and my results are now
live apparently I haven't seen them yet
oh I'm trying convince myself I don't
care but let's face it I do care
oh well let's have a look let's see so
this is my second year result results I
said this last year but like I just
don't want to click the button I really
don't do you know what it's done there's
nothing I can do about it
I got to I got to one guys I got a to
one I'm so happy
oh my god do you know what this just
shows that hard work does pay off hard
work pays off is am I reading this right
honestly I've just missed airing it
thinking is that right
I have got a breakdown here but I can't
really understand it that was that was
Oh God
this this this year has been such a
tough one to come out with a 2:1 like
that's what I wanted I've got it
I'm really proud of myself okay I'm
gonna end this here I'm gonna I'll talk
to you guys at some point in the future
but ya know it's smiles thumbs up from
me
okay so it's now a month or so later
that was my live reaction to my results
I've now had some more time to process
them and I thought I'd chat with you
about them in a bit more detail today
for those of you who don't know me I'm
Paige and I study physical Natural
Sciences at the University of Cambridge
and I've just finished my second year of
my degree in my second year I took to
physics modules and a maths module and
the results I've just had aren't my
results for my second year taking these
three modules I just want to say I'm so
sorry that this video has come quite a
while after I actually received my exam
results it just takes me so much time to
edit videos and it just wasn't possible
to the editing videos while I was taking
my exams so there has been a delay in
getting all my vlogs up from my exam
season at uni and then finally getting
my results video out but here it is now
better late than never I hope I'll just
run through the grading system quickly
so you understand what my results
actually mean so if you get 70% or above
your grade is a first if you get between
60% and 70% you get a 2:1 between 50%
and 60% is a - - between 40% and 50% is
a third and below 40% you fail and that
is kind of the standard University
grading system for the UK at
at Cambridge for my subject they scaled
the marks so that 60 percent of the
cohort get a 2:1 or above and 20 percent
of the cohort get a first
and yes that leaves 40 percent of the
cohort getting a 2 to a third or a fail
75 percent of my grade for my to physics
modules comes from my exam performance
and 25 percent comes from my lab work
because I had one lab a week throughout
the year for my Maps module majority of
my grade comes from my exam performance
but there is a small amount that comes
from a computing project we were given
Cambridge is a little bit weird
and doesn't ever give us a overall grade
for our subject so I just get a separate
grade for first year at second year and
third year and that's what goes on my
degree certificate so yes second year
counts it's not as important as 3rd year
but you know it's important that I do
well so now I've thrown all these
statistics and percentages at you don't
worry if you don't know what they mean
basically as you saw I got a 2:1 it
means I'm in the top 60% of the year
which I'm very very very pleased with I
wasn't sure if I was gonna do it I was
very relieved when I saw the grade as
you thought I had to stare at it for
quite a long time I just was making sure
I hadn't made a mistake and I was
reading it right but it definitely said
class to Division one that's a 2-1 for
you girl right here my ranking within
the Year group has increased from last
year so I'm pleased about that I have
made academic progress and it makes
sense because I worked a lot harder in
my second year than I did in my first
year so it's just nice to see that my
hard work has paid off I did very
similarly across my three modules and I
got similar marks in all of my exams so
I don't really have strengths and
weaknesses I'm just kind of on a level
with my three modules which i think is
good like it means I'm an all-rounder
about a week before taking my exams I
was walking back from lecturers and I
just thought to myself do
you really think do you genuinely
believe that you're gonna get a 2-1 this
year and my honest answer was no I spoke
last year about how I struggle with self
belief and having confidence in myself
and it's still something that I need to
work on I often start to doubt myself
and I have a nasty habit of comparing
myself to other people which is not
ideal in a place like Cambridge where
everyone else is doing pretty good
however I think I have come a long way
since last year last year I convinced
myself I was gonna fail I've managed to
psych myself out but this year I was
confident I'd passed so that's progress
right I guess I'm much better at putting
things in perspective these days exams
aren't the be-all and end-all there's
much more important things in life you
probably saw in my exams looks that I've
got this new attitude that all I can do
is try my best
it sounds really really cheesy I know
but it has actually helped me see exams
in a much more positive way and it did
get me through exam season it turns out
I'm quite bad at judging how exams go
anyway like remember the exam that I was
in tears about afterwards I did quite
well in that exam and my maths papers in
particular mass paper one I thought when
good
it didn't math paper - I thought when
bad and it went good what is that about
basically I can't trust my own judgment
it has been my least favorite term in
Cambridge so far just because of my
stress levels reached a peak but I think
it has shaped me that's for sure at this
stage you can probably tell that I'm
very boosted by my results I'm just yeah
things have worked out well for me this
year I am more motivated than ever I'm
currently on my summer internship and
it's being really useful and helping me
decide what my next steps are on the
subject of results I want to wish
everyone good luck with their a level
results next week in particular good
luck
my sister Lydia who's getting her
results for English literature medieval
history and biology a levels also good
luck to everyone getting GCSE results in
a few weeks time and in general good
luck to everyone getting results for
whatever exams you've been doing
wherever you are in the world
it honestly blows my mind that you're
all watching from all these different
countries but yeah good luck if you are
getting exam results anytime soon
finally I'd like to congratulate all the
other members of the study Tube
community on their results I've been
watching your results videos and guides
you are absolutely smashing it in
particular congratulations to Holly
Gabrielle and it's mo who have both just
graduated Cambridge University you have
both been a massive source of
inspiration to me and many others I'm
sure best of luck for your next chapters
the final thing to say is that I'm going
to summer in the city tomorrow
that's Saturday the 10th of August and
it's like an event for anyone who has an
interest in YouTube and it's held in
London every year if you're going please
please say hi I'd love to meet you I'm
gonna be wandering around I'll probably
be quite grateful for someone to talk to
so yeah love to meet some of you guys if
you were there that's it for today's
video thank you so much for watching
please give the video a like if you
enjoyed it woohoo like for exciting the
exam results and subscribe to see more
videos from myself
and hit the notification belt and then
you're notified every time I upload
follow me on Instagram and I will see
you soon with another video
[Music]